Expose include-hov/hot parameters in `RouteOptions` (#598)
mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift: CHANGELOG.md

* Added the `Waypoint.allowsSnappingToClosedRoad` property to allow snapping the waypoint’s location to a closed part of a road. ([#583](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/583))
* Added `AttributeOptions.numericCongestionLevel`, `RouteLeg.segmentNumericCongestionLevels`, `RouteLeg.Attributes.segmentNumericCongestionLevels` and `NumericCongestionLevel` to support receiving the numeric value for congestion level along each segment of a `RouteLeg`. ([#575](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/575))
* Fixed an issue where `RouteLeg.segmentRangesByStep` contained a range that was off by one for the arrival step of a leg. ([#587](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/587))

> * Added a `RouteOption.roadClassesToAllow` property that allows hov-2, hov-3, or hot roads. ([#598](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/598))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a `RouteOptions.roadClassesToAllow` property that enables the resulting routes to use HOV-only roads or high-occupancy toll roads. ([#598](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/598))
```

Author: thanks for catching that typo!
